Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
16bit Sensation:
Another Layer
Curry House Bongo
"I Wanted to See All of You Again!"
Blue Bell
We've got a hit on our hands for sure!
It's real filthy, dirty smut!
Yes, of course!
We should definitely go drinking again!
Why this?!
I traveled back in time, so why?
Why am I back to doing
lowly illustrator work?!
I was instantly transported into the
world of 1992 Akiba, made a game,
and then I came back just as instantly...
After that,
I sprinted as fast as I could
to where Alcohol Soft was...
But all I found was my own workplace!
I'm sick of painting back
views of faceless characters!
Good job today.
I'll be taking my leave now.
Ever since then, to be ready
in case I travel back in time again,
I packed my bag with some money,
a change of clothes, and snacks,
but nothing's happened!
This is the worst of the worst...
Top > R18/Adult > PC Games
Sunny with a
Chance of Vacation
This product is currently unavailable
Alcohol Soft
Sunny with a Chance of Vacation
Special Price
¥8,580 (tax incl.)
Sales tax: ¥780 Before tax: ¥7,800
Points
82 reward points
Release Date
Released 1993/1/14
Inventory
Out of Stock
View larger image
Add to favorites
It wasn't a dream.
I really did work on this game!
I tried calling Alcohol Soft,
but the number didn't work.
Top > R18/Adult > PC Games
Sunny with a
Chance of Vacation
This product is currently unavailable
Alcohol Soft
Sunny with a Chance of Vacation
Special Price
¥8,580 (tax incl.)
Sales tax: ¥780 Before tax: ¥7,800
Points
82 reward points
Release Date
Released 1993/1/14
Inventory
Out of Stock
View larger image
Add to favorites
I finally finished this CG!
This product is currently unavailable
Alcohol Soft
Sunny with a Chance of Vacation
I made it with just 16 colors!
Congratulations!
Everyone! It's complete!
Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray!
Maybe it really was all a dream...
I finally had my chance, and all
I did was paint some CGs and leave!
I'm so stupid!
If it was just a dream, I should
have drawn some line art!
Huh?
What happened to the games I had here?
Game Shop
Afro
Game Shop Afro
Alcohol Soft?
Ah, I seem to remember an
old brand with that name.
I can't imagine they still exist.
There aren't many game companies
from the DOS era still around.
Are you looking for that?
We stopped carrying DOS titles a while back.
Except for the extremely popular ones...
Alcohol Soft?
Never heard of them.
I'm not familiar with them.
I've checked a bunch of
stores, but zero leads.
Maybe it was all in my head,
because I wanted to make a game so badly.
No, no, no, no!
That was real!
Totally real!
Okay!
I need to remember what I did that day!
If I follow the same steps,
I might be able to go back in time again!
It's just a hunch, though!
Proposal
18bit Sensation
A tale of memories brought back by nostalgic computer sounds
Proposal
18bit Sensation
A tale of memories brought back by nostalgic computer sounds
Rejected
I swear...
That day, the prez rejected
my idea for a game...
Out
of
Order!!
The microwave was broken,
so I went out for lunch...
Seven Lucky Gods
Visited a shrine...
Then...
That's right!
I received those games
from that granny here!
But that shop isn't here anymore...
FOR LEASE
Please feel free to contact us
Akihabara Properties
I forgot I had the games
she gave me in here.
Kizuato...
Hey!
Stop!
That's my copy of Kizuato!
Why, you!
Frigging dog!
Making me run all over for you!
Kizuato
Rave reviews! The second entry in the novel format series!!
Vol. 2 of Leaf's Visual Novel Series
E-Excuse me, what year is it?
What?
I-It's 1996.
1996?!
Could it be?!
It very well could be!
Alcohol Soft!
I did it!
I traveled back in time again!
No way in hell!
Start Today
Intro to Personal Computers
Learn Windows 95
Magazines?
I'm done with this place!
Mamoru-kun?
You're Mamoru-kun, right?!
It's me, Konoha!
Hey! Mamoru-kun!
Mamoru-kun!
Mamocchi!
Meiko-san! Kaori-san!
What?
Kono-chan?!
I've missed you so much!
Kono-chan!
Why are you soaking wet?
Who was she, again?
It's Kono-chan!
The part-timer from a long time ago!
Oh, I remember now.
The girl who called herself a time traveler.
She was still alive?
Why did you suddenly disappear?
That's right.
We didn't even get a chance to pay you.
We were worried sick about you!
I didn't know how to get here,
but I finally made it back!
What?
Are you saying you lost directions
to this place for four years?
You've gotta be kidding!
We would have come and found
you if you'd called us.
Four years later...
Um!
I know this is sudden,
but please let me work here again!
What?!
I want to make games at this company!
That really did come out of nowhere.
You went missing for four years, and
now you want to work with us again?
But, but...
I wanted to work here again!
I've been trying all this
time to come back here!
All this time, for four years?
Well, you say four years, but it was
really more like a week or so...
Um...
Don't do it.
We should kick her to the curb, pronto.
Yeah, she's only become more of a menace.
Listen to me, Kono-chan.
The environment we're working in has
changed a lot since you were here.
Environment?
Yeah.
The next Alcohol Soft game is
going to be made for Windows.
What? Windows?!
You've heard of it, haven't you?
It's selling like hotcakes now,
so we're thinking of making our next game
on Windows instead of just for the PC-98.
The way we paint CGs and
all has changed, too.
I-I know all about Windows!
I use Win10 everyday!
Win10?
Looks like the times have
finally caught up with me!
Behold!
My drawings that I made in Photoshop!
I-It won't turn on!
Because I fell into the pool?!
No way!
Kick her out! Kick her out!
Okay, Kono-chan.
Can I ask you to act as
detective for Mamocchi?
Detective?
Hey! You're hiring her?!
By "detective," I mean someone to bring
troublesome employees back to the office.
Please find Mamocchi and
bring him back here!
What?!
You see, the development of our
game is currently on hold.
Mamoru-kun says he doesn't want
to make games on Windows.
He said he'll quit unless
it's a PC-98 exclusive.
Mamocchi's the only programmer we have.
Without him, we can't make any games.
Grr...
They're sticking me with the chores again!
Why am I stuck in this
loop of part-time work?!
But without Mamoru-kun here,
there won't be any game dev to speak of!
I'll take up the mantle of
detective for Mamoru-kun!
Super cop Konoha is on the case!
She really is a menace...
Personal Computer Shop "R"
I'll have him back here in a sec!
Kao-san, you're bringing her on?
Just like last time, I can't
say no to that energy of hers.
She hasn't changed a bit.
I wonder what she was up to
these past four years...
That was PUFFY's hit single, "True Asia."
They say, "Wear your finest sandals
in search of an older wife."
I'm still looking for a
marriage partner in sandals!
So hot...
Alcohol Soft?
Ah, I seem to remember an
old brand with that name.
I can't imagine they still exist.
Is the reason because Mamoru-kun
ended up quitting?
Mamoru-kun!
Where are you?!
Messe Sanoh
Both of these titles go on sale today!
That's right.
Kizuato
Rave reviews! The second entry in the novel format series!!
Vol. 2 of Leaf's Visual Novel Series
Cocktail Soft
Welcome!!
Kizuato and Pia Carrot both
released on the same day.
I've been reading up on old
bishojo games on Wiki this past week.
I'm practically an authority
on eroge by now!
The internet sure is handy!
U-Um, can I ask you a weird question?
Y-Yes!
Um... so...
Well... could it be...
that you've bought a bishojo game before?!
U-Um...
Yeah, lots of them.
Pretty much every week.
I knew it!
U-Um, would you come with me
to buy some games over there?
G-Go with you? Wh-Why?!
H-How do I put it...
You seem like you're used to
buying those kinds of games.
You seem like you're used to buying those kinds of games
Do I really look like
I buy eroge all the time?
E-Ero...
Ero Ero Ero
Th-Th-Th-That's not what I meant!
You just looked so confident,
even in a place like this.
A place like this?
You mean a video game store?
C'mon, it's not any kind of
seedy shop or anything...
Wait, are you under the age of 18?
Oh, no, I'm 19!
There's no issue with my age!
I just can't work up the
courage to enter the store...
Then you should just go
on Amazon or Getchu...
Wait, those don't exist yet!
Wh-What do I do?
I should be looking for Mamoru-kun...
Still...
Sure thing!
Let's go in together!
Y-Yes!
Okay, off we go.
U-Um...
My name is Toya Yamada.
N-Nice to meet you!
Oh yeah, I forgot to introduce myself!
I'm Konoha Akisato!
You'll be fine!
There's nothing scary about eroge!
I've actually never been
inside Messe Sanoh, either!
My first time at Sanoh!
She's shaking in fear!
That's adorable!
A reward event this juicy
is rare even for eroge!
Look, they've got lots of games for sale!
Doukyuusei 2 - Kakyuusei - Isaku
Welcome to Pia Carrot!! - Kizuato
Oh, they have them!
Pia Carrot and Kizuato!
You got them!
Yes!
I'm so glad.
I read about these two
games on the NIFTY forums,
and I really wanted to play them!
Good for you!
Th-Thank you very much!
It's fine, it's fine!
Don't worry about it!
Do you come to Akihabara often?
Ah, yeah.
I'm always here, I guess?
Oh, yeah!
I should really get going!
Well, enjoy your games!
Bye-bye!
Man, she sure was a cutie.
I guess in this era, you didn't find
a lot of girls in those kinds of stores.
Ah! Mamoru-kun!
Stare.
Suspect in sight.
Mamoru sure has grown up.
Last time I met him, he was 15.
So now he's... 19?!
We're the same age now!
Look at you all, real fine and handsome...
Oh! What a find!
A 98 VM!
You must have worked real hard...
Mamoru-kun's talking to the used PCs
with such kindness in his eyes...
What a creepy kid.
I hate to interrupt him
in the middle of this...
Mamoru-kun, you're under arrest!
J-Just kidding...
Mamoru-kun, it's been a while!
You still remember me, don't you?
I've never seen you in my life.
What?!
Didn't we make a game together?!
I've never had so much fun
making a game before!
I don't want to remember any of
the games we made in the past.
Uguu...
I-I guess you don't remember it as fondly...
So much for that enthusiasm of yours...
Disappearing on us like that...
Eh?
Do you think she'll bring him back?
Huh?
Oh, you mean Kono-chan and Mamoru-kun?
That's right.
Mamoru-kun's passion for the
PC-98 is the real deal.
But if she doesn't bring him back,
we can't transition over to Windows.
We can just hire someone else.
Just because he's the manager's son,
we're the ones who have been
relying on him all this time.
That may be true...
but I know that Kono-chan
will bring him back!
Computer Workshop     Tanaka
M-Mamoru-kun!
Mamoru-kun, let's go back!
I don't know how long I can stay here.
So I wanna go back soon and make some games!
Just how demanding can you be?!
Why do I have to make games for your sake?!
I won't develop any games for Windows.
I only make games for the PC-98.
Go find someone else.
Does it really matter that much
whether it's PC-98 or Windows?!
Come over here for a minute!
Pop quiz.
What?!
Explain what all of these rear
ports are, one by one.
What?!
If you get everything right, I'll go back.
Um...
Th-That one's a power plug!
Anyone could figure that one out.
Th-Then there's...
Um, um...
Wh-Who cares if I don't know what they are?!
I can draw pictures just fine either way!
That's what they all say.
We live in a time where the people buying
computers don't know anything about them.
And what's more, it's people
like them who are making games!
It's so messed up!
Listen up.
Programming is about
tinkering with machines!
It's a conversation with the machine!
Hey there, 98 VM-kun!
Can you run this program for me?
Your 256KB of memory
ought to be enough, right?
There, you managed it!
You did a great job!
I-I can't stop shivering, Mamoru-kun.
This is what programming is.
But now there's this thing called
Windows trying to butt in.
That means you can't talk
directly to the PC-98 anymore!
B-But Windows is so convenient!
I don't know how to use
anything other than Windows!
That's why you don't understand
how computers work!
Kaori and Meiko are going
to follow suit, right?
Help yourselves!
I've had enough!
It's PC-98 or nothing for me!
Mamoru-kun...
What now?
That...
What?!
That's great!
Huh?
I think that's really great, Mamoru-kun!
You're the best!
You love the PC-98 so much!
I've never met anyone who was so
passionate about making games!
No, everyone else at
Alcohol Soft is the same!
No one at my company ever says anything...
None of them would ever argue like this.
That's why I wanted to come back here!
I wanted to see all of you again!
What are you saying?
I was assigned as a detective for you!
I promised them I'd bring you back!
I'll do it if they make
it a PC-98 exclusive.
Other than that, not a chance.
That's all there is to it.
Mamoru-kun!
Are you really a time traveler?
What?
Of course I don't actually
believe you are one.
But if it's true...
Don't you dare do anything.
Time travelers aren't supposed
to change history, right?
In that case, don't interfere
with what I do, either.
I'll make sure I capture you!
Fugitive Mamoru-kun!
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
"It's Fine!"↵
HELP for help
MENU1      MENU2     MENU3      SPLIT         FIND           REPLACE      CUT         COPY       PASTE     TAG:JP